Struggling Author mission chain (#8025)
endless-sky/endless-sky: data/coalition/coalition missions.txt

			`	While the Arachi work on the outfit, she explains that they used the probe's algorithms to have the scanners excel at finding basic energy signatures, such as heat or energy levels of other ships. "Made to check for complex machinery like outfits, or recognize specific cargo types, it was not, but still find uses for its current form, I'm sure you will."`
			`	When everything's ready, you two head back inside your ship, and the elevator brings you back up. You fly back to the main landing area, and she pulls close to you just before you open your hatch. "Now, still... experimental, the outfit is, and provide the Heliarchs with a potentially faulty product, we do not wish. So, naturally, not yet registered it with them, we have. Provide you with more copies, we cannot, so careful not to lose this one, you should be." She thanks you again for helping out, and leaves for her workplace.`
				decline

mission "Sativa: Struggling Author 1"

> 	minor

Author: P.S. I didn't intend to make this minor. Careless copypaste.

			choice
				`	(Ignore her.)`
					decline
				`	(Buy one of her books.)`
					goto "buy her book"
				`	(Sit down and talk to her.)`
			label "talk to her"
			`	You sit down on the table, next to Ann. She greets you with a smile. "Hello! Would you like to buy one of my books?" she asks.`
			choice
				`	"What are your books about?"`
					goto "what are her books about"
				`	"No, I'm not interested. How has life been as an author though?"`
					goto "life as an author sucks"
			label "what are her books about"
			`	"I mostly write science fiction books. Today, I'm here to promote 'Beyond the Hyperdrive' a story in which a group of humans steal a bunch of jump drives from the Quarg. If I continue past this point I'd be spoiling it. Read it for yourself, you'll like it!"`
			choice
				`	"I'm interested. Wait here, I'll go buy myself a copy."`
					goto "buy her book"
				`	"Cool. How has life been lately as an author?"`
			label "life as an author sucks"
			`	"Bad," says Ann. "I've never had a bestseller or even a book that surpasses 10,000 copies sold."`
			choice

> 				`	(Tell her about the Coalition.)`

Reviewer: This is a bit too quick. Could use a bit more of scene setting and talking with her to reach a point where the player character would think she's sounding similar to the Coalition. Maybe you can inquire if she doesn't like the Quarg, and she can give you a similar rundown the Heliarchs give, that the Quarg are limiting people, or maybe that she's just scared of them due to whatever.

Another, longer way to do this (reaching the Coalition), would be for her to ask the player if they could try and promote her books on alien markets. You could then have a similar setup as with the Ringworld Debris mission, where upon first landing on a Hai/Korath/Wanderer/Gegno (maybe a Quarg one too for the heck of it, have them just sigh when seeing it paints them negatively or something) world you can try and see if they like it. Then on a Coalition world the Kimek pick it up and it really gets going.

Author: If I were to redo the chain so that we'd be taking Ann to Hai, Korath, Wanderer, Gegno, Quarg, and then Kimek space, where would I put the mission text? In `coalition missions.txt` or in a different file seeing as it now encompasses a lot more alien species than just the Kimek now.

Reviewer: I figured in that case you'd just be bringing about copies of her book, but regardless of whether it's that or bringing her along, since the bulk would still be taking place in Coalition space then it'd be there still I figure. The only other place would be for `human missions.txt` since it starts in human space, but given the endpoint is Coalition I think that's more appropriate.
The interactions with the other species would be brief, and more there as just to cover for the cases where you bring her/her work to places other than the Coalition.

Reviewer: >I don't get what this means. Ann isn't aware of the existence of the Coalition, probably only knows about the Quarg, and maybe after Hai Reveal, the.. Hai.

As in, write a bit more dialog that'd lead the player to think of telling her about the Coalition as an option. "Sound similar to the Coalition" as in maybe say something in line with what the Coalition says. She summarizes that the story has some theft of Quarg JDs going on, so that could be something you can inquire her on, and maybe learn she's not very fond of the Quarg. I meant that as a possible way of determining she'd be more in line with the Coalition, as they have a history of being against the Quarg.

Author: > > I don't get what this means. Ann isn't aware of the existence of the Coalition, probably only knows about the Quarg, and maybe after Hai Reveal, the.. Hai.
> 
> As in, write a bit more dialog that'd lead the player to think of telling her about the Coalition as an option. "Sound similar to the Coalition" as in maybe say something in line with what the Coalition says. She summarizes that the story has some theft of Quarg JDs going on, so that could be something you can inquire her on, and maybe learn she's not very fond of the Quarg. I meant that as a possible way of determining she'd be more in line with the Coalition, as they have a history of being against the Quarg.

Ah, cool. So I'll make it so that Ann hates the Quarg. Then First Last tells Ann "you know, there's a group of aliens who don't like the Quarg. They're called the Coalition."

And then Ann will hopefully be interested in coming over for a visit. Then FL can tell the Heliarchs that "she doesn't like the oppressors (the Quarg) just like you".

					goto "tell her about the coalition"
				`	"Well, that's gotta hurt. I hope you find success in your life one day.`
					decline
			label "buy her book"
			action

> 				payment -60

Author: As a bit of a "buffer", just in case. I could reduce the `to offer` credit amount to 70 if needed.

			`	You enter the bookstore, ask the employee for one of Ann's books, and purchase it for 60 credits.`
			choice

> 				`	(Now go to Ann and get it signed.)`
> 					goto "get it signed"
> 				`	(Leave.)`
> 					decline
> 			label "get it signed"

Reviewer: ```suggestion
				`	(Now go to Ann and get it signed.)`
				`	(Leave.)`
					decline
```

			`	You move to the table where Ann is sitting. She looks visibly happy as she grabs your book, takes out a pen, and signs it. "Thanks for buying one of my books. I don't get much sales and people like you mean the world to me."`
			choice
				`	"I appreciate it. How has life as an author been though?"`
					goto "life as an author sucks"
				`	"Thanks for signing my copy. I hope you find success in your life. Goodbye."`
					decline
			label "tell her about the coalition"
			`	You check your surroundings, looking around to ensure you are not being listened to. Once you confirm that your conversation will be private, you begin speaking.`

> 			`	"You know, I know of a place called the Coalition. They're a group of alien races. Maybe you could go there and find inspiration for your next novel, or sell your books there? I bet they'd love to see your writings!"`

Reviewer: Usually the player doesn't talk in quotations like characters do. A regular narrative paragraph detailing the player explaining to Ann about the Coalition and suggesting her books there might be better.
Same for other instances further down on the missions.

Author: a3ff8fd06dc73ecb5ca957f617fe856807a18ecd

			`	"Wait, really?" asks Ann.`
			`	"Yes", you say.`
			`	"But they wouldn't speak English. How are they going to read my books?"`
			choice
				`	"They have a translation device."`
				`	"I'm sure they can learn the language."`
			`	"That's reassuring... but, how am I even going to get there?"`
			choice
				`	"I'll take you there."`
			`	"Do I have to pay anything? As a struggling author, I really can't pay you."`
			choice
				`	"It's okay. I'm willing to make an exception for you."`
			`	"Thank you so much! Just wait for a while, I need to finish my book signing event. It should be roughly 45 minutes before it's over, and then we can go to whatever this Coalition thing is," says Ann.`

> 			`	You reply. "Good luck. By the way, we're going to <destination> in Coalition space.`

Reviewer: Might want to warn her it's giant beetles, giant spiders and centaurs. That, or add something of a reaction from her when she first sees the Coalition inhabitants. Or have both.

Author: a3ff8fd06dc73ecb5ca957f617fe856807a18ecd

> 			choice
> 				`	(Wait for Ann to finish her event.)`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

			`	After approximately an hour of waiting, Ann appears outside of your ship, knocking on the hatch. You open the hatch to let her inside, as you lead her to her bunk. You prepare to leave the spaceport.`
				accept
	on complete
		conversation

> 			`	You leave the ship with Ann following you. The moment you are out of your ship, three Kimeks surround you and Ann. The Kimek in the middle speaks, and then brief silence. The silence is broken as the yellow box speaks.`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
			`	You leave the ship with Ann following you. The moment you are out of your ship, three Kimek surround you and Ann. The Kimek in the middle speaks, and then brief silence. The silence is broken as the yellow box speaks.`
```
Kimek is both singular and plural.
Also are the boxes yellow? From what I gathered it's Heliarch circlets and armbands that are yellow. The boxes haven't been mentioned as to their colors from what I recall.

			`	"Greetings, <first> <last>. This other human you have brought, who she is, may I ask you?"` # heliarch
			`	Ann clears her throat. "I don't know who you are, but my name is Ann Oryza Sativa."`
			`	Once Ann finishes her introduction, you speak. "She is my friend. Back in my space, she hasn't been a successful author. I brought her here, hoping she would find success writing books for the Coalition.", you explain.`
			`	"What kind of books does she write?", asks the Kimek.` # heliarch
			`	"Oh, I write science fiction books," says Ann.`
			`	The Kimek begin conversing amongst themselves in their native language for a good ten to twenty seconds before they move to face you again.`
			`	"Visit Coalition space, we will allow Ann to. Alongside you, <first>, welcome here, she is, for as long as no trouble, you cause. But first, register she must."`
			`	"Register?", asks Ann.`
			`	"You have to register yourself with the Coalition before you can do most stuff here. I'll take you to the Ring of Friendship, that's where you can complete the registration process."`

> 			`	"Okay.", says Ann. "I'll explore the spaceport a little bit to find some inspiration. Get your ship ready and take me to the Ring of Friendship once you're ready. I'll meet you in the spaceport."`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
			`	"Okay," says Ann, "I'll explore the spaceport a little bit to find some inspiration. Get your ship ready and take me to the Ring of Friendship once you're ready. I'll meet you in the spaceport."`
```

mission "Sativa: Struggling Author 2"
	name "Help Ann Register"
	description "Take Ann Oryza Sativa to the <destination> so she can register with the Heliarchs."
	source "Ki Patek Ka"
	destination "Ring of Friendship"
	to offer
		has "Sativa: Struggling Author 1: done"
	on offer
		conversation

> 			`	You walk through the spaceport, looking for Ann. She is at a restaurant, but has ordered nothing with a disgusted look on her face. "These aliens! They vomit on their food and slurp all the soup! Disgusting!", she mutters.`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
			`You walk through the spaceport, looking for Ann. She is at a restaurant, but has ordered nothing with a disgusted look on her face. "These aliens! They vomit on their food and slurp all the soup! Disgusting!", she mutters.`
```

			choice
				`	"That's just how they eat."`
				`	"My ship still has a decent amount of food you can eat."`
				`	"There should be another restaurant."`
			`	"<first>! It's you again!", says Ann in an excited tone. "Is the ship ready? Remember, we need to go to the <destination> so I can get registered with the Heliarchs.`
			choice
				`	"It's all ready now. Come."`
			`	Ann stands up from her chair and begins following you to the ship. She settles into her bunk as you prepare for a trip to the <destination>.`
				accept
	on enter "Quaru"
		conversation

> 			`	As you enter <system>, Ann walks out of her bunk and finds a spot on the side of the bridge, to peer into space. "What a massive ringworld!", she exclaims.`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
			`As you enter <system>, Ann walks out of her bunk and finds a spot on the side of the bridge, to peer into space. "What a massive ringworld!", she exclaims.`
```

			choice

> 				`	"It's massive, isn't it? They actually stole it from the Quarg, who they rebelled against roughly six thousand years ago."`

Reviewer: Bit of a nitpick, but since she just used the word "massive" herself, might be awkward to have the player character use it here in their response as well.

Author: Reworded it in a3ff8fd06dc73ecb5ca957f617fe856807a18ecd.

				`	"I'm used to it."`

> 			`	"Awesome! This is going to be a great setting and certainly a source of inspiration for my next novel!", says Ann, her voice still in an enthusiastic and excited tone.`
> 			`	"This must be where I'm supposed to register, right?", asks Ann.`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
			`	"Awesome! This is going to be a great setting and certainly a source of inspiration for my next novel!", says Ann, her voice still in an enthusiastic and excited tone. "This must be where I'm supposed to register, right?" asks Ann.`
```
Can just join these two. If possible, try to avoid really short lines like her question here, if you can attach it to a line above or below it.

Author: And yes, I've joined that in a3ff8fd06dc73ecb5ca957f617fe856807a18ecd and also told Ann to prepare her identity documents.

			`	"Yes, this is the <planet>. It's probably best if you go back to your bunk, I'm about to land and it might be a bit rough."`
	on complete
		conversation

> 			`	The rough landing you had predicted actually turned out to be smooth.`

Reviewer: This bit about the rough landing could be taken out, as it's made clear it wasn't the case immediately, and given the traffic a full ring gets, the last thing I'd expect is that rough landings there are anything but very rare oddities.

Author: a3ff8fd06dc73ecb5ca957f617fe856807a18ecd

					goto "do you hate the quarg"
				`	"Cool. How has life been lately as an author?"`
			label "life as an author sucks"
			`	"Bad," says Ann. "I've never had a bestseller or even a book that surpasses 10,000 copies sold."`
			choice
				`	"What are your books about?"`
					goto "what are her books about"
				`	"Well, that's gotta hurt. I hope you find success in your life one day.`
					decline
			label "buy her book"
			action
				set "beyond the hyperdrive book"
				payment -60
			`	You enter the bookstore, ask the employee for one of Ann's books, and purchase it for 60 credits.`
			choice
				`	(Now go to Ann and get it signed.)`
				`	(Leave.)`
					decline
			`	You move to the table where Ann is sitting. She looks visibly happy as she grabs your book, takes out a pen, and signs it. "Thanks for buying one of my books. I don't get much sales and people like you mean the world to me."`
			choice
				`	"I appreciate it. How has life as an author been though?"`
					goto "life as an author sucks"
				`	"Thanks for signing my copy. I hope you find success in your life. Goodbye."`
					decline
			label "do you hate the quarg"

> 			`	"I have a lot of problems with them. You see, there are so many systems we can't reach and the Quarg have the secrets to reaching them. And yet they won't give humanity the secret. They are trying to restrict us. Keeping us all locked in cages!"`
> 			`	"So, I wrote 'Beyond the Hyperdrive' to share my feelings about the Quarg. Humanity will one day succeed! We will surpass them and make humanity even greater beyond its wildest dreams!"`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
			`	"I have a lot of problems with them. You see, there are so many systems we can't reach and the Quarg have the secrets to reaching them. And yet they won't give humanity the secret. They are trying to restrict us. Keeping us all locked in cages!`
			`	"So, I wrote 'Beyond the Hyperdrive' to share my feelings about the Quarg. Humanity will one day succeed! We will surpass them and make humanity even greater beyond its wildest dreams!"`
```
I can't find an example to show, but when there are 2 consecutive paragraphs of the same character talking, and there's no break in their dialog between the paragraphs, the second one doesn't end with a quotation, to kinda show it's still going or something of the sort.
Alternatively can just join the 2 paragraphs, if you prefer.

				`	"I'm used to it."`
			`	"Awesome! This is going to be a great setting and certainly a source of inspiration for my next novel!", says Ann, her voice still in an enthusiastic and excited tone. "This must be where I'm supposed to register, right?"`
			`	"Yes, this is the <planet>. Prepare your identity documents."`
	on complete
		conversation
			`	Ann is still in awe as you touch down on the ringworld. As the two of you open the hatch, you see yet another Heliarch agent in front of you.`
			`	"Greetings, humans.  For you, what can I do today?", asks the Heliarch.`
			`	"This is my friend Ann. I'm getting her registered with the Heliarchs today.", you answer.`
			`	"To reach the registration office, this way you must go.", replies the Heliarch, pointing to a hallway.`
			`	You and Ann walk down the hallway as directed, until you spot a registration office. Ann walks into the registration office while you sit down on a nearby bench. After 15 minutes, Ann walks out and approaches you. "They finally registered me.". I'm off to the spaceport now to eat something. Meet me there so we can discuss our next move.`

mission "Sativa: Struggling Author 3"
	name "Back to <planet>"

> 	description "Now that Ann Oryza Sativa has completed the registration process, buy her a translation device."

Reviewer: So the player doesn't get a translation device at any point currently, and cannot buy them either. We know civilians can get them, but we don't have an explicit "this is where you buy them" shop mentioned.
Both of the PR'd Intros for the Coalition campaigns gift the player with a translation device when either of them is completed (either become a Heliarch or join the Lunarium).

It's something of a given that Coalition folks that are better off can afford translation devices, and since we know Ann hasn't been doing so well on her career, it'd be odd if it was expected of her to get a translation device and communicate with the publisher like that. The publisher would have their translators though, and even if we assume it'd be a lesser known publishing company, you could get Heliarchs to translate for the interactions initially, before the book is a success and lets the parties afford the translators.

I think it'd be best to instead, for this third mission, focus on how Ann pitches the book to the Kimek publishers, or maybe even have this mission set stopovers to the three species capitals (Saros, Ki Patek Ka, Ahr), so that it's more her trying to pitch to the different species and see which one likes it best (the mission'd go away once landing on Ki Patek Ka, getting replaced by a `landing` mission that'd be the next step on the chain).
On the idea of the Heliarchs mediating it, even if you opt for the publisher having translators, you could have Heliarch agents come in and watch the negotiation between Ann and the Kimek, like a watchful force there to make sure no anti-Heliarchy ideas are coming from this foreign author (this could also factor in with the timer for the book to be published, something like the Heliarchs inspecting the content a thousand times over to make absolutely sure it's not going against them).

Author: I've decided on the name `House Torimek` for the publishing company.

For the timer, if First Last is in Coalition space, they get a message from the publishers. But if First Last leaves, then there's no way for the publishers to get in contact, so First Last will get a message reminding them to.

Maybe a mission like:
> As you go through your diary, you recall having helped an author named Ann Oryza Sativa publish her book in Coalition space. Maybe you should go and see how it's going?

Maybe I'll just make mission three about asking some Heliarchs for help? And then they send a Heliarch over to help First Last and Ann with the book publishing work?

Reviewer 2: > Maybe a mission like:
> 
> > As you go through your diary, you recall having helped an author named Ann Oryza Sativa publish her book in Coalition space. Maybe you should go and see how it's going?

I feel like saying First Last has a diary is too much assumption. They could just remember about the author.

Reviewer 3: We have a captain's log, but telling the player that they check the log when they might not even know about it could be strange.

			`	After 15 minutes, you see Ann walking towards you. You open the hatch as she enters. She settles in her bunk, as you prepare to depart.`
	on visit
		dialog
			`You see an electronics store selling a yellow translator box. It costs 78,000 credits. However, you see that your balance is not high enough.`
			`	Go earn some money, then return here.`
	on complete
		payment -78000
		conversation
			`You arrive at the spaceport. Ann leaves her bunk and waits for you to open the hatch. You quickly lead her to the electronics store where pick up a translation box, bring it to the counter, put down a credit chip, and pay.`
			`	The cashier then attaches the box to a necklace. Ann picks it up and wears it. You instruct Ann on how to use the translation box, as she begins speaking to the cashier and running a few tests to ensure it is working.`
			`	After roughly four minutes of Ann speaking with the cashier, she turns to you. "Thank you for the box. I had a friendly chat with them. It works great!"`
			choice
				`	"Great! So, what are we doing next?"`
			`	"Getting my book published, of course. We need to find a publishing company!"`

> 			`	"We should go for the Kimek", you say. "Their population is 300 billion. For comparison, the human population is only 100 billion."`

Reviewer: Kimek number in 200B, not 300.
On that thing of trying to show to the other species, I think it'd be worth at least trying instead of just going straight for the Kimek, as a huge population doesn't necessarily imply more people that'd be interested in the book.

Author: I'd go for population order. First the Kimek, then the Saryd, and the Arach.

Author: 5037d1400223d443993f93ec364c4446f65ec7f4

	source "Zug"
	destination "Ki Patek Ka"
	to offer
		random < 30
		credits > 140
		has "Coalition: Contributor: done"
	on offer
		conversation
			`Upon entering the spaceport, you walk past a bookstore, currently holding a book signing event for an author known as 'Anna Fangvin'. Nobody pays attention to her. It appears as if she is a struggling author.`
			choice
				`	(Ignore her.)`
					decline
				`	(Buy one of her books.)`
					goto "buy her book"
				`	(Sit down and talk to her.)`
			`	You sit down on the table, next to Anna. She greets you with a smile. "Hello! Would you like to buy one of my books?" she asks.`
			choice
				`	"What are your books about?"`
				`	"No, I'm not interested. How has life been as an author though?"`
					goto "life as an author sucks"
			label "what are her books about"
			`	"I mostly write science fiction books. Today, I'm here to promote 'Beyond the Hyperdrive', a story in which a group of humans steal a bunch of jump drives from the Quarg. If I continue past this point I'd be spoiling it. Read it for yourself, you'll like it!"`
			choice
				`	"I'm interested. Wait here, I'll go buy myself a copy."`
					goto "buy her book"

> 				`	"Why is it a story about the Quarg? Do you hate the Quarg or something?"`

Author: Did you mean stealing tech **from**, not ~~for~~ the Quarg?

			label "buy her book"
			action
				set "beyond the hyperdrive book"
				payment -60
			`	You enter the bookstore, ask the employee for one of Anna's books, and purchase it for 60 credits.`
			choice
				`	(Now go to Anna and get it signed.)`
				`	(Leave.)`
					decline
			`	You move to the table where Anna is sitting. She looks visibly happy as she grabs your book, takes out a pen, and signs it. "Thanks for buying one of my books. I don't get much sales and people like you mean the world to me."`
			choice
				`	"I appreciate it. How has life as an author been though?"`
					goto "life as an author sucks"
				`	"Thanks for signing my copy. I hope you find success in your life. Goodbye."`
					decline
			label "do you hate the quarg"
			`	"I have a lot of problems with them. You see, there are so many systems we can't reach and the Quarg have the secrets to reaching them. And yet they won't give humanity the secret. They are trying to restrict us. Keeping us all locked in cages! So, I wrote 'Beyond the Hyperdrive' to share my feelings about the Quarg. Humanity will one day succeed! We will surpass them and make humanity even greater beyond its wildest dreams!"`
			choice

> 				`	(Tell her about the Coalition.)`

Author: Added an option to do so.

			label "tell her about the coalition"
			`	You check your surroundings, looking around to ensure you are not being listened to. Once you confirm that your conversation will be private, you begin speaking.`
			`	"I know of a place called the Coalition. They're a group of alien races. Maybe you could go there and find inspiration for your next novel, or sell your books there? I bet they'd love to see your writings!"`
			`	"Wait, really?" asks Anna.`
			`	You continue to explain the Coalition to Anna for a while, going in-depth about their history and their culture, and their long history of opposing the Quarg, seeing as Anna has less than positive opinions of them.`
			choice
				`	"By any chance, are you afraid of centaurs, beetles, and spiders?"`
			`	"No, not at all. I'm not afraid of them. Why do you ask?"`
			choice
				`	"Because the Coalition are a race of three alien species, who look like spiders, beetles, and centaurs.`

> 			`	"Interesting. Their stories might just inspire my next novel. But, they wouldn't speak English. How are they going to read my books?"`

Author: Is there really an explicit policy against mentioning specific human languages within dialog? Regardless, I think I'll just change it to "our language" and let the player make assumptions on their own.

> 			`	"Interesting. Their stories might just inspire my next novel. But, they wouldn't speak English. How are they going to read my books?"`

Reviewer: Well the game doesn't ever refer to the language spoken by the player and characters as a specific one, I dunno if we want to make it canon that it's English just because it's all in English. If we did, that'd imply changing it to other languages like Portuguese or German if/when we get translations.

			choice
				`	"They have a translation device."`
				`	"I'm sure they can learn the language."`
			`	"That's reassuring... but, how am I even going to get there?"`
			choice
				`	"I'll take you there."`
			`	"Do I have to pay anything? As a struggling author, I really can't pay you."`
			choice
				`	"It's okay. I'm willing to make an exception for you."`
			`	"Thank you so much! Just wait for a while, I need to finish my book signing event. It should be roughly 45 minutes before it's over, and then we can go to whatever this Coalition thing is," says Anna.`

> 			`	You reply. "Good luck. By the way, we're going to <destination> in Coalition space.`

Author: I'll rewrite it so that during the hour of waiting for Anna, First Last will check their map and then decide on Ki Patek Ka after some deliberation.

				accept
	on complete
		conversation
			`	You leave the ship with Anna following you. The moment you are out of your ship, three Kimek surround you and Anna. The Kimek in the middle speaks, and then brief silence. The silence is broken as the yellow box speaks.`
			`	"Greetings, <first> <last>. This other human you have brought, who she is, may I ask you?"` # heliarch
			`	Anna clears her throat. "I don't know who you are, but my name is Anna Fangvin."`
			`	Once Anna finishes her introduction, you speak. "She is my friend. Back in my space, she hasn't been a successful author. I brought her here, hoping she would find success writing books for the Coalition.", you explain.`
			`	"What kind of books does she write?", asks the Kimek.` # heliarch
			`	"Oh, I write science fiction books," says Anna.`
			`	The Kimek begin conversing amongst themselves in their native language for a good ten to twenty seconds before they move to face you again.`
			`	"Visit Coalition space, we will allow Anna to. Alongside you, <first>, welcome here, she is, for as long as no trouble, you cause. But first, register she must."`
			`	"Register?", asks Anna.`

> 			`	"You have to register yourself with the Coalition before you can do most stuff here. I'll take you to the Ring of Friendship, that's where you can complete the registration process."`

Reviewer: Same thing as before, just have the player explanation narrated, without quoted dialog from the player character.

> 			`	"Okay," says Anna, "I'll explore the spaceport a little bit to find some inspiration. Get your ship ready and take me to the Ring of Friendship once you're ready. I'll meet you in the spaceport."`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
			`	"Okay," says Anna, "I'll explore the spaceport a little bit to find some inspiration. Get your ship ready and meet me there."`
```

She's just arrived, so I don't think she should be talking about planets/rings like this as if she's already familiarized.

				`	(Accompany Anna during the interview.)`
			`	You choose to remain in the room. Once the Kimek asks the first question, Anna is all too happy to begin discussing the contents of her novel in great detail.`
			choice
				`	(Leave the room to avoid spoilers.)`
					goto "lounge"
				`	(Stay in the room.)`
			`	Under the watchful eye of the two Heliarchs in the room, Anna explains her anti-Quarg sentiments, the reasoning behind her choice to write the book, the content of the book. She is still talking in fluent English, but sometimes is forced to repeat statements due to the translator having issues with deciphering her enthusiastic tone.`
			`	As the hours pass, Anna's enthusiastic tone remains strong and constant. The Kimek then takes the book, puts it in a nearby filing cabinet (or the Kimek equivalent) and thanks you and Anna.`
				goto "interview over"
			label "lounge"
			`	You leave the room and walk to the lounge. Several Kimek are chatting in their native language, while a Saryd and Arach have chosen to rest.`
			`	After a few hours, you see Anna emerge out of the room, and walk towards you.`
			choice
				`	"How did the interview go?"`
			label "interview over"

> 			`	"They told me that due to the censorship and review process, I would have to wait for roughly half a year. Thankfully, they have arranged a small apartment for me to live in. You can go on your own now, but please make sure you come back. If you'll leave human space, please add a reminder to come back and meet me."`

Author: I meant to say "coalition space". Silly me!

	label "mission intro"
	`	"Greetings, fellow human. A peaceful group, we are. Curious about your race, we are, so for you, a mission we have.", says one of the Coalition citizens, using a translation box.`
	choice
		`	"What is the mission about?`
	`	"A small mission, it is. Bring us human books, we want you to. Pay you <payment> and be very grateful, we would, if accept this mission, you will.", explains the citizen.`
	branch "you already have everything"
		has "human cultural data"
	choice
		`	"Sorry, I can't help you."`
			decline
		`	"What should I be worried about?"`
		`	"Is this going to get me in trouble?"`
			goto "consequences"
		`	"How much will you pay me?"`
			goto "ask about pay"
	label "consequences"
	`	"The Heliarchs, review everything they must. Heavy-handed, the censorship is. Some books from your space, to read them we want to. Because to break free from Heliarch censorship, we wish. And if forbidden knowledge, on your ship they find, heavy-handed the punishment will be, so avoid scans, you must."`
	choice
		`	"I'm not willing to risk it. Sorry."`
			decline
		`	"I'm in. What do you want me to collect?"`
	label "what do they want"

> 	`	"Anything. A translation device we have, so the language it is in, of no importance it is. As for the topic, a book about oppressing dictatorships or tyranny, we want. Histories of humanity's resistance movements, we seek."`

Reviewer 4: Probably should be ` Everything` either instead or as well. Also, if the mission sends us to Alexandria to get all of human cultural knowledge, anyway, they probably shouldn't be asking for "a book" as the topic at all.

Have them directly ask for more detailed human historic/cultural knowledge than they otherwise have so it makes more sense to immediately bring them all of it. They can still express further interest specifically these same subjects.

				accept

event "coalition citizens discover fangvin"

mission "Fangvin: Book Discovered"
	name "Look for Anna Fangvin"
	description "Get in contact with Anna Fangvin, an author in which the group of Coalition citizens have shown interest in."
	source
		government "Coalition"
	destination "Zug"
	to offer
		has "event: coalition citizens discover fangvin"
	on offer
		conversation
			`Upon landing in the spaceport, you get a message from the same group of Coalition citizens. You recall that you had provided them with a datachip containing the entire knowledge of humanity.`
			``
			`		Dear <first>,`
			`	Interested in an author from the datachip, we are. 'Anna Fangvin', her name is. The story about your race's actions against the oppressors, captivate us it did. To converse with her, we wish.`
			choice
				`	(Disregard.)`
					decline
				`	(Look for Anna Fangvin.)`

> 			`	Looking through your encyclopedia, you discover that Anna Fangvin is an author from <destination>. She is likely there. You decide to set a course for <destination>. You write a message to Anna explaining your intentions to meet with her for an interview, choosing not to mention the Coalition for now, as she would likely not believe it. As you are in Coalition space and therefore not connected to the human communications relay network, it will not send until you enter human space.`

Reviewer 4: Whole section from here to end of this mission feels incredibly convoluted for just no real reason. Just have the mission take us to Zug because that's likely where she is, with an on complete to contact her hoping to set up appointment interview. She happens to be free (since she's struggling, nothing particularly eating up her time when you happen to arrive is highly plausible) and agrees to meet you in the spaceport. No need even to change start of next mission.

				decline

# TODO: Make Ann undergo the same registration process as
# First Last entering Coalition space for the first time
mission "Sativa: Struggling Author 1"
	minor
	source "Zug"
	destination "Ki Patek Ka"
	to offer
		random < 30
		credits > 140
		has "Coalition: Contributor: done"
	on offer
		conversation
			`	Upon entering the spaceport, you walk past a bookstore, currently holding a book signing event for an author known as 'Ann Oryza Sativa'. Nobody pays attention to her. It appears as if she is a struggling author.`
			choice
				`	(Ignore her.)`
					decline
				`	(Buy one of her books.)`
					goto "buy her book"
				`	(Sit down and talk to her.)`
			label "talk to her"

> 			`	You sit down on the table, next to Ann. She greets you with a smile. "Hello! Would you like to buy one of my books?", she asks.`

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
			`	You sit down on the table, next to Ann. She greets you with a smile. "Hello! Would you like to buy one of my books?" she asks.`
```

			choice
				`	"What are your books about?"`
					goto "what are her books about"
				`	"No, I'm not interested. How has life been as an author though?"`
					goto "life as an author sucks"
			label "what are her books about"

> 			`	I mostly write science fiction books.`

Reviewer 3: It might be more interesting for her to talk about her books, more than just the genre.

Author: d868cfc8854ef3fcca133bc2295583eab74af80a

			choice
				`	"I'm interested. Wait here, I'll go buy myself a copy."`
					goto "buy her book"
				`	"Cool. How has life been lately as an author?"`
			label "life as an author sucks"

> 			`	"Bad.", says Ann. "I've never had a bestseller or even a book that surpasses 10,000 copies sold."`

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
			`	"Bad," says Ann. "I've never had a bestseller or even a book that surpasses 10,000 copies sold."`
```
She's aimed high, hasn't she?

Author: I should do more research and determine how many copies is considered "good enough".

			choice
				`	(Tell her about the Coalition.)`
					goto "tell her about the coalition"
				`	"Well, that's gotta hurt. I hope you find success in your life one day.`
					decline
			label "buy her book"
			action
				payment -60

> 			`	You enter the bookstore, ask the employee for one of Ann's books, and purchase it, for 60 credits.`

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
			`	You enter the bookstore, ask the employee for one of Ann's books, and purchase it for 60 credits.`
```

			choice
				`	(Now go to Ann and get it signed.)`
					goto "get it signed"
				`	(Leave.)`
					decline
			label "get it signed"
			`	You move to the table where Ann is sitting. She looks visibly happy as she grabs your book, takes out a pen, and signs it. "Thanks for buying one of my books. I don't get much sales and people like you mean the world to me."`
			choice
				`	"I appreciate it. How has life as an author been though?"`
					goto "life as an author sucks"
				`	"Thanks for signing my copy. I hope you find success in your life. Goodbye."`
					decline
			label "tell her about the coalition"
			`	You check your surroundings, looking around to ensure you are not being listened to. Once you confirm that your conversation will be private, you begin speaking.`

> 			`	"You know, I know of a place called the Coalition. They're an alien race. Maybe you could go there and find inspiration for your next novel, or sell your books there? I bet they'd love to see your writings!"`

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
			`	"You know, I know of a place called the Coalition. They're a group of alien races. Maybe you could go there and find inspiration for your next novel, or sell your books there? I bet they'd love to see your writings!"`
```

> 			`	"Wait, really?", asks Ann.`

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
			`	"Wait, really?" asks Ann.`
```
Believe it or not, that's how it works??? That's what Wikipedia tells me.

> 			`	"Yes.", you say.`

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
			`	"Yes", you say.`
```

> 			`	"But, they don't speak English. How are they gonna read my books?"`

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
			`	"But they wouldn't speak English. How are they going to read my books?"`
```

			choice
				`	"They have a translation device."`
				`	"I'm sure they can learn the language."`

> 			`	"That's reassuring."`
> 			`	"So, how am I gonna get there?"`

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
			`	"That's reassuring... but, how am I even going to get there?"`
```
It's funny that she takes to your suggestion so quickly even when you've told her almost nothing about the Coalition.

			choice
				`	"I'll take you there."`
			`	"Do I have to pay anything? As a struggling author, I really can't pay you."`
			choice

> 				`	"It's okay. I'm willing to make an exception for you.", you explain.`

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
				`	"It's okay. I'm willing to make an exception for you."`
```

> 			`	"Thank you so much! Just wait for a while, I need to finish my book signing event. It should be roughly 45 minutes before it's over, and then we can go to whatever this Coalition thing is.", says Ann.`

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
			`	"Thank you so much! Just wait for a while, I need to finish my book signing event. It should be roughly 45 minutes before it's over, and then we can go to whatever this Coalition thing is," says Ann.`
```

			`	You reply. "Good luck. By the way, we're going to <destination> in Coalition space.`
			choice
				`	(Wait for Ann to finish her event.)`
			`	After approximately an hour of waiting, Ann appears outside of your ship, knocking on the hatch. You open the hatch to let her inside, as you lead her to her bunk. You prepare to leave the spaceport.`
				accept
	on complete
		conversation
			`	You leave the ship with Ann following you. The moment you are out of your ship, three Kimeks surround you and Ann. The Kimek in the middle speaks, and then brief silence. The silence is broken as the yellow box speaks.`

> 			`	Greetings, <first> <last>. This other human you have brought, who she is, may I ask you?` # heliarch

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
			`	"Greetings, <first> <last>. This other human you have brought, who she is, may I ask you?"` # heliarch
```

			`	Ann clears her throat. "I don't know who you are, but my name is Ann Oryza Sativa."`
			`	Once Ann finishes her introduction, you speak. "She is my friend. Back in my space, she hasn't been a successful author. I brought her here, hoping she would find success writing books for the Coalition.", you explain.`
			`	"What kind of books does she write?", asks the Kimek.` # heliarch

> 			`	"Science fiction books.", says Ann.`

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
			`	"Oh, I write science fiction books," says Ann.`
```

			choice
				`	"Hello. I am <first> <last>. This is my friend, Anna Fangvin. She is an author who wants to publish a book in Coalition space and needs a translation box to converse with the publishing company.`
			`	"A translator, you need?", asks the clerk.`
			choice
				`	"Yes."`
			`	"Trust you with a translator, we still cannot. But help you, I cannot, so a Heliarch, I must call.", says the clerk, then proceeding to call for a Heliarch in its native language.`
			`	After a few minutes, a Heliarch approaches you and directs you into a room.`
			choice
				`	"Hello."`
			`	"Tell me about your intentions, the clerk already has, and understand it, I do. Accompany you to the publishers, me and my agents will."`
			choice
				`	"Great! So, Anna, what are we doing next?"`
			`	"Getting my book published, of course. We need to find a publishing company!"`
			`	"We should go for the Kimek", you say. "Their population is 200 billion. For comparison, the human population is only 100 billion."`
			`	"But where can we find a Kimek publishing company? We haven't even translated our book into their language yet!"`
			choice
				`	"We'll find a company. There has to be one out there."`

> 			`	"The faster we can get the book published, the better. I'm off to the spaceport now. Meet me in the spaceport once you've found a good company."`

Reviewer 5: But in the next mission Anna has already found the company?

mission "Coalition: Struggling Author 4"
	name "Kimek Publishing Company"
	description "You have found a Kimek publishing company who is willing to take in Anna Fangvin to get her book published. Bring Anna Fangvin to <destination>."
	source "Ki Patek Ka"
	destination "Inmost Blue"
	to offer
		has "Fangvin: Struggling Author 3: done"
	on offer
		conversation

> 			`The spaceport of Ki Patek Ka is vast. You decide to search for Anna, who has chosen to settle in the cafeteria, with her laptop, She is typing away at the keyboard, presumably writing a new novel.`

Reviewer 5: ```suggestion
			`The spaceport of Ki Patek Ka is vast. You decide to search for Anna, who has chosen to settle in the cafeteria with her laptop. She is typing away at the keyboard, presumably writing a new novel.`
```

> 			`	"<first>! I found a publishing company who's willing to publish my book! I sent them a digital copy of my book and they have instructed me to visit their office on <destination>!", exclaims Anna, once again in an enthusiastic tone.`

Reviewer 5: ```suggestion
			`	"<first>! I found a company who's willing to publish me! I sent them a digital copy of my book and they instructed me to visit their office on <destination>," explains Anna, once again enthusiastic.`
```

			choice
				`	"What's the publishing company called?"`

> 			`	"They're called 'Kimek Reader Publishing'.`

Reviewer 5: ```suggestion
			`	"They're called 'Kimek Reader Publishing.'"`
```

			choice
				`	"Great!"`
				`	"Let's go!"`

> 			`	Anna closes her laptop, places her things in her bag, and begins walking to your ship. You and Anna enter the ship, as she settles into her bunk. It's time to go to <destination>, where the main offices of 'Kimek Reader Publishing' are located.`

Reviewer 5: ```suggestion
			`	Anna closes her laptop, places her things in her bag, and begins walking to your ship. You and Anna enter the ship, and she settles into her bunk. It's time to go to <destination>, where the main offices of 'Kimek Reader Publishing' are located.`
```

				accept
	on complete
		event "beyond the hyperdrive is published" 165 197
		conversation

> 			`Landing on <planet>, Anna is excitedly holding a copy of 'Beyond the Hyperdrive', her novel about humans stealing jump drives from the Quarg. She hastily opens the hatch as soon as it unlocks.`

Reviewer 5: ```suggestion
			`Landing on <planet>, Anna is excitedly holding a copy of 'Beyond the Hyperdrive.' She hastily opens the hatch as soon as it unlocks.`
```

			choice
				`	"Wait for me!"`

> 			`	Anna hears your scream and stops. "We're here, Anna. Now, we need to find their offices.", you say.`
> 			`	"That won't be necessary. In the message they sent me, they included precise instructions on how to reach their offices."`

Reviewer 5: ```suggestion
			`	Anna waits for you to catch up. "In the message they sent me, they included precise instructions on how to reach their offices," she explains. "Let's go!"`
```

			`	You begin following Anna to the publisher's offices. You walk through endless rows of shops and streets, take a train to a large white building, and eventually find what looks like the Kimek equivalent of an elevator.`
			`	You and Anna enter the elevator, as Anna presses a button that closes the door and takes you up. When the door opens, you see a Kimek in front of you, a necklace around it with ornate jewelry and a translation device.`
			`	"Greetings, humans. Follow me, you must, so publish your book, we can.", says the Kimek through its translation box.`
			`	At the direction of the Kimek, you and Anna begin walking until directed to a room with glass walls. Anna puts down the copy of her book on the table, and the three of you take a seat.`
			choice

> 				`	"Hello. My name is <first> <last>, and this is my friend Anna Fangvin."`

Reviewer 5: Why is `first last` starting this conversation? They're probably the least-involved party of the three.

			choice
				`	(Wait in the lounge.)`
					goto "lounge"
				`	(Accompany Anna during the interview.)`
			`	You choose to remain in the room. Once the Kimek asks the first question, Anna is all too happy to begin discussing the contents of her novel in great detail.`
			choice
				`	(Leave the room to avoid spoilers.)`
					goto "lounge"
				`	(Stay in the room.)`
			`	Under the watchful eye of the two Heliarchs in the room, Anna explains her anti-Quarg sentiments, the reasoning behind her choice to write the book, the content of the book. She is still talking in fluent English, but sometimes is forced to repeat statements due to the translator having issues with deciphering her enthusiastic tone.`
			`	As the hours pass, Anna's enthusiastic tone remains strong and constant. The Kimek then takes the book, puts it in a nearby filing cabinet (or the Kimek equivalent) and thanks you and Anna.`
				goto "interview over"
			label "lounge"
			`	You leave the room and walk to the lounge. Several Kimek are chatting in their native language, while a Saryd and Arach have chosen to rest.`

> 			`	After a few hours, you see Anna emerge out of the room, and walk towards you.`

Reviewer 5: ```suggestion
			`	After a few hours, you see Anna emerge out of the room and walk toward you.`
```

			choice
				`	"How did the interview go?"`
			label "interview over"

> 			`	"They told me that due to the censorship and review process, I would have to wait for roughly half a year. Thankfully, they have arranged a small apartment for me to live in. You can go on your own now, but please make sure you come back. If you want to return to human space, please add a reminder to come back and meet me."`

Reviewer 5: ```suggestion
			`	"They told me that due to the censorship and review process, I'll have to wait for roughly half a year. Thankfully, they have arranged a small apartment for me to live in. You can go on your own now, but please make sure you come back. If you want to return to human space, please add a reminder to come back and meet me."`
```
What does `If you want to return to human space, please add a reminder to come back and meet me` mean? I'm confused on what she's telling us there.

Author: Coalition and Human space are not connected via hyperlanes so Anna can't just send First Last an email saying "hey come back" over the hyperlane comms.

			choice
				`	"Why don't you just go back to human space?"`
					goto "why not go to human space"
				`	"I'll make sure to do that."`
			label "anna thanks you"
			`	"Thanks again, <first> <last>." I'll forever be grateful to you for helping me. I never thought I'd be successful as an author, but when I met you, you helped me turn my career into something I thought I'd never see.`
			choice
				`	"Just helping out."`

> 				`	"It's okay."`

Reviewer 5: ```suggestion
				`	"I'm happy to have helped you."`
```

			`	With that, you leave the room, and eventually the building. You board the train, walk past the same series of endless shops and streets in the spaceport city, before returning to your ship. As soon as you're in your ship, you add a reminder to visit Anna within six months.`
				decline
			label "why not go to human space"

> 			`	"I need to be available at all times, so I can answer their questions. Do not worry about me."`

Reviewer 5: ```suggestion
			`	"I need to stay here I can answer their questions during the review process. Don't worry about me."`
```

			choice
				`	"Got it. Good luck publishing your book."`
					goto "anna thanks you"

event "beyond the hyperdrive is published"

mission "Coalition: Struggling Author 5A"
	landing
	source
		not near "Quaru" 0 100
	destination "Inmost Blue"
	to offer
		has "event: beyond the hyperdrive is published"
		not "Fangvin: Struggling Author 5B: offered"
	on offer
		conversation
			`Checking your computer feed for the latest galactic news and trade prices, you get a reminder from your computer.`

> 			`	You read it, and recall that you had helped an author named Anna Fangvin get her book, 'Beyond the Hyperdrive', published about half a year ago. You should return to <destination> and check on her.`

Reviewer 5: ```suggestion
			`	You read it, and recall that you had helped an author named Anna Fangvin get her book, 'Beyond the Hyperdrive,' published about half a year ago. You should return to <destination> and check on her.`
```

				accept
	on complete
		conversation "anna invites you to book signing"

mission "Coalition: Struggling Author 5B"
	landing
	source
		near "Quaru" 0 100
	destination "Inmost Blue"
	to offer
		has "event: beyond the hyperdrive is published"
		not "Fangvin: Struggling Author 5A: offered"
	on offer
		conversation

> 			`As you land on the spaceport, you check your messages. You see a message from Anna Fangvin, the author who you helped about half a year ago. In the message, she explains that her novel, 'Beyond the Hyperdrive', has been approved. You should return to <destination> and meet her.`

Reviewer 5: ```suggestion
			`As you land on the spaceport, you check your messages. You see a message from Anna Fangvin, the author who you helped about half a year ago. In the message, she explains that her novel, 'Beyond the Hyperdrive,' has been approved. You should return to <destination> and meet her.`
```

				accept
	on complete
		conversation "anna invites you to book signing"

conversation "anna invites you to book signing"
	action

> 		log "People" "Anna Fangvin" "Anna is an author of science fiction books. She never found success in human space, until she visited the Coalition and got her novel, 'Beyond the Hyperdrive', about a group of humans stealing jump drives from the Quarg, published. Upon publication, her book quickly became a bestseller in Kimek space."
> 		log "Helped somebody named Anna Fangvin get her book published in Coalition space. Apparently, it's a bestseller now. The book was 'Beyond the Hyperdrive', something about humans stealing jump drives from the Quarg. Also found out she was ambidextrous."

Reviewer 5: ```suggestion
		log "People" "Anna Fangvin" "Anna is a science fiction writer. She was a struggling author in human space, but found success upon publishing her novel 'Beyond the Hyperdrive' in Coalition space. Her book is a bestseller in Kimek space."
		log "Helped somebody named Anna Fangvin get her book published in Coalition space. Apparently, it's a bestseller now. The book was 'Beyond the Hyperdrive,' something about humans stealing jump drives from the Quarg. Also found out she was ambidextrous."
```

		"salary: Anna Fangvin" = 5000
		payment 2000000
		set "beyond the hyperdrive news can show now"
	`The moment you land, Anna is all too happy to see you. She grabs your shoulders with both arms and in an excited tone explains that her book has been approved for publication.`

> 	`	"Today, they will be publishing 'Beyond the Hyperdrive' and I will be signing copies! Thanks for everything you've done, <first>!"`

Reviewer 5: ```suggestion
	`	"They're publishing 'Beyond the Hyperdrive' today, and there's a full release event where I'll be signing copies! Thanks for everything you've done, <first>!"`
```

	choice
		`	"It got approved? That's awesome!"`
	`	"I know, right? So do you want to join me during the book signing?"`
	choice

> 		`	"I've been with you through the whole process. Count me in!"`

Reviewer 5: Player should have an option to decline here.

Author: Added an option not to attend in da32627b7

> 	`	"Great! Let's walk to the bookstore and prepare everything! I already have my pen ready, and the staff have already prepared seats for the both of us."`

Reviewer 5: ```suggestion
	`	"Great! Let's walk to the bookstore and prepare everything! The staff have already prepared seats for the both of us."`
```

	`	You and Anna walk into the massive bookstore at the spaceport. There are already several Heliarchs present, their Enforcer Riot Staffs in place for crowd control.`
	`	A Kimek, dressed in what looks like the bookstore's uniform, takes out the Kimek equivalent of a loudspeaker and begins announcing the release of 'Beyond the Hyperdrive'. Within ten minutes, the bookstore has become crowded, with a long queue forming between the cashiers and your table, as Anna signs every copy brought to her by each individual Kimek.`
	`	Occasionally, Anna alternates between her left and right hand to sign books whenever the other is tired. For hours, this continues. You tried to keep count of how many copies she signed, but gave up when it reached six hundred.`
	choice

> 		`	"Are you left or right handed?"`

Reviewer 5: I don't like "forcing" the player into learning this information. I'm of the mind that interesting character qualities should be optional discoveries - making it railroaded like this removes some of the novelty for me. Maybe add a `(Say nothing.)` option?

Author: aff2e2147

	`	"I was originally born left-handed, but as a child I chose to learn how to use my right hand, because I thought being able to use both hands would be cool."`

> 	`	The signing continues for what feels like four hours. Then, the same Kimek in the bookstore uniform announces that the store is to close within an hour.`

Reviewer 5: ```suggestion
	`	The signing continues for several hours. Eventually, the same Kimek in the bookstore uniform announces that the store is closing soon.`
```

> 	`	As the store closes and the queue shortens, Anna signs the last Kimek's copy. With that, the event is over. Anna then tells you to meet her at your ship. You and Anna walk back to your ship. You open the hatch to allow Anna inside, and you both walk through.`

Reviewer 5: ```suggestion
	`	As the store closes and the queue shortens, Anna signs the last Kimek's copy. With that, the event is over. Anna walks with you back to your ship to say goodbye.`
```

> 	`	"Today was a resounding success. My book succeeded beyond my wildest dreams, and it was all because of you <first>!", she says, almost in a teary voice. She pulls out a credit chip. "Here, two million credits. You've done so much for me and my career, and you deserve it. Additionally, you will be receiving a salary of 5,000 credits daily, a small but significant portion of my royalties."`

Reviewer 5: ```suggestion
	`	"Today was a resounding success. My book succeeded beyond my wildest dreams, and it was all because of you <first>!" she says, almost in a teary voice. She pulls out a credit chip. "Here, <payment>. You've done so much for me and my career, and you deserve it. Additionally, you will be receiving a salary of 5,000 credits daily, a small but significant portion of my royalties."`
```

	branch "player understands coalition edition"
		has "language: Coalition"

> 	`	Anna then takes out another copy of "Beyond the Hyperdrive", which she signs in front of you. It is the Coalition edition of the book. The symbols are completely indecipherable to you. Just another book for your collection.`

Reviewer 5: ```suggestion
	`	Anna then takes out a Coalition copy of "Beyond the Hyperdrive," which she signs in front of you. The symbols are completely indecipherable to you. You thank her and say your goodbyes before boarding your ship.`
```

		outfit "Jump Drive" -1
		payment 5000000
		fail

conversation "cultural data for coalition group"
	branch "return"
		has "Fangvin: Struggling Author - Data: done"
	`Walking through the spaceport, a group of Coalition citizens are on a table speaking in their native languages. They see you. The group then rise from their seats and begin approaching you.`
	choice
		`	"Excuse me, what do you all want?"`
			goto "mission intro"
		`	(Walk at a slightly faster pace.)`
	label "walk faster"
	`	You slightly increase your pace, but the group does too. They eventually catch up to you. You turn to face them, as they begin speaking to you.`
	label "mission intro"

> 	`	"Greetings, fellow human. A peaceful group, we are. Curious about your race, we are, so for you, a mission we have.", says one of the Coalition citizens, using a translation box.`

Author: I think I'd just make them a bunch of literature collectors who are interested in human literature.

	source "Zug"
	destination "Ki Patek Ka"
	to offer
		has "Fangvin: Book Discovered: done"
	on offer
		conversation
			`Upon entering the spaceport, you walk past a restaurant. A woman then raises her arms, waving towards you. She must be Anna Fangvin, that author the Coalition citizens showed interest in.`
			choice
				`	(Approach her.)`
			`	You approach the woman and sit right next to her. "Hello, are you <first>?`
			choice
				`	"Yes, I am. So, what do you want to ask?"`
			choice
				`	"What do you write?"`
					goto "what do you write"
			label "what do you write"
			`	"I write science fiction novels. My latest novel was 'Beyond the Hyperdrive', which I released a few weeks ago. It's about a bunch of humans who steal jump drives from the Quarg. Here, have a copy."`
			`	Anna retrieves a hardcover book from her bag. It has an image of a Jump Drive on it. You take the book.`
			`	"You'll like it, I promise."`
			choice
				`	"How long is the book?`
					goto "how long is the book"
				`	"Why is it a story about humanity stealing from the Quarg?"`
					goto "anna hates quarg"
			label "how long is the book"

> 			`	It isn't very long, it should be three hundred pages.`

Reviewer: Needs the " quotes as it's her speaking.

> 			label "anna hates quarg"

Reviewer: Also, the "how long is the book" label follows immediately with the "anna hates quarg" label, but there's nothing connecting there, so need to either get some alternative to reaching that choice or just re-offering the choice with only the Quarg option.

> 			`	"I have a lot of problems with them. I just don't trust them. I remember when my parents took me to Humanika. Naturally, I wanted to explore, so I wandered off. I was lost. This creepy-looking Quarg found me, and when it tried to approach, I cried."`

Reviewer: This'd have been a traumatic event for Anna, so her explaining it needs to be drawn out more. Currently this is just getting to the point, so I'd first increase the lines so that she's giving more detail, particularly on the process of how she got lost and then later was reunited with her parents (likely having to be brought to them by a Quarg, or having to wait with Quarg until they found her). Then, break up the spoken bits with narration of how she's behaving in terms of physical language. The line probably wouldn't begin with her speaking, rather with narration noting that she fidgets in her seat, or maybe looks down or at the book. Try to further break up the story to keep certain sections contained, as if she's preparing to recall and tell the next, and the next and the next (ie: admitting she's got a bunch of problems with them / saying she visited Humanika once with her parents when she was a kid / her reaction to the world and desire to explore / her getting lost, and seeing only the Quarg around). I'd also remove the emphasis on a specific "creepy" Quarg, and rather have it be the case she was more frightened due to the alien locale, the fact she winded up somewhere with no humans in sight, and only the very tall, inscrutable Quarg about. Also, maybe instead of her crying as result of *her* trying to approach a Quarg, it's due to a Quarg approaching her and trying to pick her up maybe, to get her back out of wherever she ended up in.

> 			`	"And then when I grew up, when I was a teenager, I decided to do a project on them for college. They responded with silence to my questions, as if they had something to hide. I worked as an assistant for a journalist for a few months. He kept asking me for help with the Quarg. They just would not budge."`

Reviewer: This section too needs to be extended a bit, but not as much as the previous line, I feel the childhood event would take precedence in this conversation. Still, would be better to try and give some more stuff on her continuous not very good encounters with the Quarg. Would break up this section too, but again not as much as the previous line. One thing I'll note is that this should start without her speaking, rather narration on how she's kind of recovering from telling story in the previous line (ie takes some breaths, focuses) before continuing with the rest of her experiences with the Quarg.
A minor thing but something I think would make more sense for the visitting story is to have it involve Lagrange and the ring rather than Humanika. I say this because Humanika is an otherwise common planet, if not for being under the Quarg. I think Lagrange's more alien environment, what with it being a station that (presumably, at least) would reflect something akin to the interior of their ringworlds, I think it's add to the fright young Anna had if she were lost in the long, tall hallways of Lagrange instead of on a planet like Humanika, which she might be more used to by default of being a planet that's pretty habitable for humans. It's also noted the Quarg don't go down there much as the environment being good for humans means it's not good for the Quarg, so I think it needs to be somewhere other than Humanika for the "lost somewhere with no humans in sight, only Quarg" feel, and Lagrange would be the most appropriate option for that as I see it.

			choice

> 				`	"Well that's all well and good. But I have my own business to attend to now. Good luck, and goodbye."`

Reviewer: Probably shouldn't have a decline so early on as that makes the player seem kinda like a dick, having been the one to ask for the interview. Personally I don't think this mission specifically needs a decline, but if you do add in one should be later on.

					decline

> 				`	(Tell her about the Coalition.)`

Reviewer: Should push this off a bit; add some more fluff in the talk with Anna, ask about the books, if she's doing well/why not, basically work up to her asking if you've got some idea to help her writing kick off, which'd prompt the Coalition talk.

			`	You are about to reveal sensitive information that you might not want to spread. You are on a busy street with high foot traffic. You tell Anna you have something to tell her, and ask her to walk to a secluded corner of the store.`

> 			`	Once confirming that you and Anna will not be heard, you begin explaining the Coalition to Anna, going in-depth about their history and their culture, and their long history of opposing the Quarg, seeing as Anna has less than positive opinions of them.`

Reviewer: The Coalition aren't like the Remnant, they don't really care if you tell anyone and everyone about them, so this need for secrecy'd be only if the player character doesn't wanna be thought of as crazy, but I don't think that'd be the case anyhow as any passerby who did listen in would likely just figure they're talking about some media piece like a videogame or book or movie, or just some general ideas. Even if someone did listen in and wrote it all down and figure the Coalition existed, what are they gonna do? Steal a JD and go in? And do what then? Tell the Quarg? They already know very well where the Coalition and Heliarchs are, with the history and all. All in all, no need for the secrecy portion, although if you do wanna keep it I'd invite Anna to the flagship, rather than awkwardly going to a store corner.
One more thing is you probably should provide the Coalition explanation in chunks, as Anna is a simple civilian, and likely not used at all to the prospect of actual aliens in some unreachable place region. Maybe separate it such as "Coalition exists, what the species are/fought the Quarg, government there doesn't like them/asked me for some media stuff, found some excerpts of your stuff, liked it" where every / is a pause, where Anna gets to ask some questions and you can give the player some options to respond in different manners. The "afraid of spiders?" comments and such should be within these explanation chunks and the questions/answers sections between Anna and the player.

			choice
				`	"They have a translation device."`
				`	"I'm sure they can learn the language."`
			`	"That's reassuring... but, how am I even going to get there?"`
			choice
				`	"I'll take you there."`
			`	"Do I have to pay anything? As a struggling author, I can't afford off-world transport at all, let alone to a completely different alien race!"`
			choice
				`	"It's okay. I'm willing to make an exception for you."`
			`	"Thank you so much! Just wait for a while, I need to finish my book signing event. It should be roughly 45 minutes before it's over, and then we can go to whatever this Coalition thing is," says Anna.`
			`	You reply, "Good luck."`
			`	As you wait for Anna, you look over your maps of Coalition space to determine the most suitable place for Anna. After much deliberation and thought, you decide on <destination>.`
			`	After approximately an hour of waiting, Anna appears outside of your ship, knocking on the hatch. You open the hatch to let her inside, as you lead her to her bunk and inform her of the destination. You prepare to leave the spaceport.`
				accept
	on complete
		conversation

> 			`	You leave the ship with Anna following you. The moment you are out of your ship, three Kimek surround you and Anna. The Kimek in the middle speaks, and then brief silence. The silence is broken as their translation box speaks.`

Reviewer: If you want them to approach you immediately, I'd make it clear it's Heliarch agents who approach you and Anna here. If you want just regular civilian Kimek, have it take a while for them to notice you've brought another human. Just a bit of a difference as the Heliarchs'd know earlier that there's another human aboard (we're not taking regular crew into account for this as those aren't acknowledged).

			`	"Greetings, <first> <last>. This other human you have brought, who she is, may I ask you?"`

> 			`	You and Anna introduce yourself. Anna's introduction is longer, while you only need to state your name, seeing as you are more familiar with the Coalition now.`

Reviewer: The player wouldn't introduce themselves, this'd just be Anna.

			`	"About what, do you write?", asks the Kimek.`
			`	"Oh, I write science fiction books," says Anna.`

> 			`	The Kimek begin conversing amongst themselves in their native language for a good ten to twenty seconds before they move to face you again.`

Reviewer: It's not so much that they switch to your language, I'd phrase it more as them finally giving the translator box a chance to translate (maybe they switched it off to discuss among themselves?).

			`	Then, switching back to your language, the Kimek explains that Anna is welcome to be with you, but states that she will not be allowed to do much unless she registers.`
			`	"Register?", asks Anna.`

> 			`	"You have to register yourself with the Coalition before you can do most stuff here. I'll take you to the Ring of Friendship, that's where you can complete the registration process."`

Reviewer: It's "Register with the Heliarchs" that the mission the player themselves register is called, so just change here from Coalition to Heliarchs to keep it the same as there.

			`	"Okay," says Anna, "I'll explore the spaceport a little bit to find some inspiration. Get your ship ready and meet me there."`

mission "Fangvin: Struggling Author 2"
	name "Help Anna Register"
	description "Take Anna Fangvin to the <destination> so she can register with the Heliarchs."
	source "Ki Patek Ka"
	destination "Ring of Friendship"
	to offer
		has "Fangvin: Struggling Author 1: done"
	on offer
		conversation

> 			`You walk through the spaceport, looking for Anna. She is at a restaurant, but has ordered nothing with a disgusted look on her face. "These aliens! They vomit on their food and slurp all the soup! Disgusting!", she mutters.`

Reviewer: Probably shouldn't be saying this, even in muttering, when she knows these aliens have translators. Even if none she can see has a translator at hand, it's still unwise to be speaking like this about the aliens you just met, when they could potentially understand you with just one passerby having a translator box.

			choice
				`	"That's just how they eat."`
				`	"My ship still has a decent amount of food you can eat."`
				`	"There should be another restaurant."`

> 			`	"<first>! It's you again!", says Anna in an excited tone. "Is the ship ready? Remember, we need to go to the <destination> so I can get registered with the Heliarchs."`

Reviewer: Anna just arrived to the Coalition, and the situation is probably a lot to take in, so you could have it so she doesn't remember the name of where you're supposed to go, or remembers it barely (ie "Ring of.../the Ring"), and the player says the correct name, the Ring of Friendship.

			choice
				`	"It's all ready now. Come."`
			`	Anna stands up from her chair and begins following you to the ship. She settles into her bunk as you prepare for a trip to the <destination>.`
				accept
	on enter "Quaru"
		conversation
			`As you enter <system>, Anna walks out of her bunk and finds a spot on the side of the bridge, to peer into space. "What a massive ringworld!", she exclaims.`
			choice

> 				`	"It's enormous. They actually stole it from the Quarg, who they rebelled against roughly six thousand years ago."`

Reviewer: They rebelled 7000 years ago, 6000 years ago was when they finally drove out the last of the Quarg.

				`	"I'm used to it."`
			`	"Awesome! This is going to be a great setting and certainly a source of inspiration for my next novel!", says Anna, her voice still in an enthusiastic and excited tone. "This must be where I'm supposed to register, right?"`

> 			`	"Yes, this is the <planet>. Prepare your identity documents."`

Reviewer: I don't think human documents are much used for this registering process. Could just confirm to her in the previous line, with a simple "you nod" or "you confirm".

	on complete
		conversation

> 			`	Anna is still in awe as you touch down on the ringworld. As the two of you open the hatch, you see yet another Heliarch agent in front of you.`

Reviewer: "Yet another" Heliarch agent would imply the first Kimek you met on Ki Patek Ka were Heliarchs agents, so if you do go with the first Kimek being civilians, should change this "yet another" bit.
Another thing is, Agent is a pretty low rank, and for the reception here they'd probably have someone higher. Not a Consul, but not an Agent either. You don't need to name the rank, I'd just drop "agent" and keep it vague as to what Heliarch rank received Anna for registering.

			`	You and Anna walk down the hallway as directed, until you spot a registration office. Anna walks into the registration office while you sit down on a nearby bench. After 15 minutes, Anna walks out and approaches you. "They finally registered me. I'm off to the spaceport now to eat something. Meet me there so we can discuss our next move."`

mission "Fangvin: Struggling Author 3"
	name "Back to <planet>"
	description "Now that Anna Fangvin has completed the registration process, help her get a translation device on <destination>."
	source "Ring of Friendship"
	destination "Ki Patek Ka"
	to offer
		has "Fangvin: Struggling Author 2: done"
	on offer
		conversation
			`Going through the spaceport looking for Anna, you finally find her at a restaurant serving food made for Saryds, eating from a plate of vegetables, her laptop next to the plate of food. She sees you and motions for you to take a seat.`
			`	You sit down next to Anna. "Finally, something I can eat that isn't a mix of vomit and soup!"`
			choice
				`	"How good is it?"`
					goto "it's very good"
				`	"What did you usually eat back in human space?"`

> 			`	"A lot. As an author, all I had to eat were instant noodles and takeout food as I never could find time in my schedule to cook at home. I was working hard on Beyond the Hyperdrive at the time. This food is better than any instant noodle brand I could ever find on Zug."`

Reviewer: The question and her response don't connect very well, "what did you eat" prompts "a lot" which doesn't really translate much sense, to me at least. Was it supposed to be something like "what kinds of food did you usually get on Zug" and "a lot of different stuff"?

			choice

> 				`	"What's our plan now?"`

Reviewer: This doesn't have a goto label, so I believe it'd move to the "it's very good" dialog, which'd be awkward.

				`	"What are we going to do next?"`
					goto "i want to get my book published here"
			label "it's very good"
			`	"It's very good. Probably better than anything I've had back on Zug."`
			choice
				`	"So, what do you want to do now?"`
			label "i want to get my book published here"

> 			`	"I want to get my book published here."`

Reviewer: This is a bit too short. There doesn't need to be some long paragraph to say this, it can be short, but this line feels kinda raw, for lack of a better word. Could just add another short sentence or two, just to not have the delivery feel dry.

			choice
				`	"Have you found a publishing company yet?"`
			`	"No." Anna then begins complaining about how it was extremely difficult for her to communicate with both the restaurant staff and the publishing companies, who did not have a translation box.`
			choice
				`	"I can get you a translator."`
			`	"But will I have to pay for it?"`
			choice
				`	"I'll help you get one. You probably won't need to pay for one."`
			`	"Great! So, where will we get the translator?"`

> 			`	"We'll go to <destination> to ask the Heliarchs for a translation box", you tell Anna. "Finish your meal, then go back to my ship. I'll be ready." You walk off to your ship.`

Reviewer: Considering you're on the Ring of Friendship, the capital, it wouldn't be the case that it's difficult to communicate. It's true that not everyone would have a translation box, but many would have them, and even without them there are legions of Heliarchs around that'd serve as translators if needed. You could instead have it that the reason she couldn't find a publishing company around is perhaps the Ring of Friendship doesn't really have that kind of service readily available, as I imagine these types of entertainment purposes there would be restricted to the actual shops, as there's not much of a benefit to having the actual publishing office there, as it'd not be visited as much, and a proper shop would be worth more to capitalize on the very high traffic in the system and the ring. Perhaps have it that she browsed what book shops she could find, but was informed that for getting something published she'd need to take it to the publishing office, which isn't in the Ring of Friendship. With that, *then* we could bring the lack of a translator into play in the sense that they'd likely give the world and contact means (ie coalition email), but as that'd require a translator over a longer time for getting the text figured out, it'd be very unlikely someone'd be willing to just lend their translator while Anna sorts it out with the publisher. This isn't to say we'd go after a translator box, I don't think that's worthwhile including in this mission chain at all, it'd simply be a place where you could mention it more fittingly, if you want.
Given the on complete for this has you two looking for a publishing company, you'd need to change that. My suggestion is to cut the middleman and have this mission, Fangvin: Struggling Author 3, already direct you to Inmost Blue. You could try to re-incorporate some of the conversation from this mission's (mission 3) on complete, and the next mission's (mission 4) on offer, in this mission's (mission 3) on offer, if you'd like.

			`	"<first>! I found a publishing company who's willing to publish my book! I sent them a digital copy of my book and they have instructed me to visit their office on <destination>!", exclaims Anna, once again in an enthusiastic tone.`
			choice
				`	"What's the publishing company called?"`
			`	"They're called 'Kimek Reader Publishing'.`
			choice
				`	"Great!"`
				`	"Let's go!"`
			`	Anna closes her laptop, places her things in her bag, and begins walking to your ship. You and Anna enter the ship, as she settles into her bunk. It's time to go to <destination>, where the main offices of 'Kimek Reader Publishing' are located.`
				accept
	on complete
		event "beyond the hyperdrive is published" 165 197
		conversation
			`Landing on <planet>, Anna is excitedly holding a copy of 'Beyond the Hyperdrive', her novel about humans stealing jump drives from the Quarg. She hastily opens the hatch as soon as it unlocks.`
			choice
				`	"Wait for me!"`
			`	Anna hears your scream and stops. "We're here, Anna. Now, we need to find their offices.", you say.`

> 			`	"That won't be necessary. In the message they sent me, they included precise instructions on how to reach their offices."`

Reviewer: Adjust these to match with how she now gets the location for the publisher office.

			`	You begin following Anna to the publisher's offices. You walk through endless rows of shops and streets, take a train to a large white building, and eventually find what looks like the Kimek equivalent of an elevator.`

> 			`	You and Anna enter the elevator, as Anna presses a button that closes the door and takes you up. When the door opens, you see a Kimek in front of you, a necklace around it with ornate jewelry and a translation device.`

Reviewer: Feels a bit weird that you two just go in and know where to go right away. Getting the location of the office building is simple enough, but it's not the standard from my experience that you'd get the rundown of how to go to a precise spot in a building. Should add in some receptionist of sorts, even just a regular worker from the publishing office would do, to have them guide the player and Anna to where they need to go to meed the publisher folks. Can probably just use of the same Kimek you mention once the elevator stops, only now they are found after entering the building.

> 			`	"Greetings, humans. Follow me, you must, so publish your book, we can.", says the Kimek through its translation box.`

Reviewer: I think they'd first talk about the whole thing a lot more rather than just getting straight to publishing. There's a timer of many months, so that does seem to be supported by the timescale, so just tweak this dialog so that it's not implying they'll go straight to talking about publishing.

Reviewer 5: ```suggestion
			`	"Greetings, humans. Follow me, you must, so discuss your book, we can," says the Kimek through its translation box.`
```

			`	At the direction of the Kimek, you and Anna begin walking until directed to a room with glass walls. Anna puts down the copy of her book on the table, and the three of you take a seat.`
			choice
				`	"Hello. My name is <first> <last>, and this is my friend Anna Fangvin."`
			`	"Greetings. At Kimek Reader Publishing, I work. A human, I have never encountered. But the book you sent, translate it we were able to."`

> 			`	"Read it, we still haven't, and run it past the Heliarch censors, we must."`

Reviewer: This whole section is rough and clunky. The events themselves, as in the guiding to a room, describing the room and setting down the book and taking seats, are ok I think, but they're presented in a rapid-fire manner that doesn't really translate well to a good immersion. Further on, the Kimek appears to be the only one we'll be talking to after all, which's odd, as you'd think the Kimek that'd guide you to the room would be more of a lower worker that'd simply guide you to where the person that makes the decisions on the books is. The portion needs to be given some more room for the individual sections (ie you follow the Kimek, you reach the room, describe the room, take seats, initial comments) to develop and make it read more naturally. Should also add in a separate Kimek as the head editor/publisher of the company, waiting for you in the room, rather than having the Kimek who received you and brought you there be that higher up.

> 			`	Two Heliarch agents enter the room. "Supervise the interview, we are obligated to."`

Reviewer: Also commenting about the previous line, it'd be very awkward for the Kimek to guide you to the room only to say they haven't read it yet and then two random Heliarchs spawn in. Since the Heliarchs are to be involved in this with the censoring process and all, and the comment that the editors and publishers themselves haven't actually read it, I'd have it so that, upon arriving at the room, we're made aware that not only is the head editor I mentioned in my previous comment in the room, but also the pair of Heliarchs (if you wish to make it more explicit on the censorship, you could increase the number of Heliarchs to a small team of 5, half a dozen or so maybe, with one of them being a Heliarch that's kinda in charge of supervising the censor process) are also present from the get-go. The dialog would be alterred to the Kimek editor saying about the same, that they received the book, found it interesting and all, but haven't gotten it all down since the Heliarchs must do their thing first.

Author: 15b5570a9d8f60f3e768dba52013d58f5c48363b

			choice
				`	"How long will I have to wait?"`
					goto "how long"
				`	"Should I stay here to accompany Anna?`
					goto "should I accompany anna"
			label "how long"

> 			`	"Wait a few hours, you must. But quick, this will be.", says the Kimek, interviewing you.`

Reviewer: It's either the case that it'll take hours, or that it'll be quick. Having both things said here makes it very weird to read. Since it is a lengthy process, just have it so the player is told the process will take hours.

Reviewer 5: ```suggestion
			`	"Wait a few hours, you must," explains the Kimek.`
```

			choice
				`	"Should I stay here to accompany Anna?"`
			label "should I accompany anna"

> 			`	"To accompany her in this room, we allow you to, but a lounge for you, we have. If too boring, the interview is, then leave you may."`

Reviewer: So if I got this right what they're saying is that the player can be present for the censoring process if they wish to, but they're also free to leave for the lounge. If that is indeed correct then I think you should make this a bit clearer, as it does seem confusing at first: you're told about being allowed to accompany her to the room, but that has already happened, you're at the room, so you've already accompanied her there. That tells me that probably next thing they'll tell me is something like "however, you can't be present for the process, so you'll need to wait" which does seem supported by the mention of having a lounge. However, the next sentence says that the player can leave if they do find the process boring.
I'd rephrase this entirely to be more akin to them starting out by saying that you can stay with her if you want, but you aren't required to be present for the process, so you may also leave at any time if you'd rather wait it out somewhere.

Author: 15b5570a9d8f60f3e768dba52013d58f5c48363b

			choice
				`	(Wait in the lounge.)`
					goto "lounge"
				`	(Accompany Anna during the interview.)`

> 			`	You choose to remain in the room. Once the Kimek asks the first question, Anna is all too happy to begin discussing the contents of her novel in great detail.`

Reviewer: It'd be the Heliarchs asking the questions, wouldn't it? As it's mentioned the Kimek hasn't read the book yet, or at least not entirely.

			choice
				`	(Leave the room to avoid spoilers.)`
					goto "lounge"

> 				`	(Stay in the room.)`

Reviewer: We just had a choice for this, so don't need another here.

> 			`	Under the watchful eye of the two Heliarchs in the room, Anna explains her anti-Quarg sentiments, the reasoning behind her choice to write the book, the content of the book. She is still talking in fluent English, but sometimes is forced to repeat statements due to the translator having issues with deciphering her enthusiastic tone.`

Reviewer: The Coalition translators' issue lies with the sentence structure, not being incapable of translating or keeping up. I'd simply remove the mention of her needing to repeat herself due to translators' not keeping up, maybe replace it with mention that the Heliarchs occasionally keep pressing for further explanations on certain parts of the book, before letting her continue what she was saying.

Reviewer 5: ```suggestion
			`	Under the watchful eye of the two Heliarchs in the room, Anna explains her anti-Quarg sentiments, the reasoning behind her choice to write the book, and the content of the book. She speaks quickly, but the Haliarchs' numerous questions for clarification and elaboration make the process a long one.`
```

> 			`	As the hours pass, Anna's enthusiastic tone remains strong and constant. The Kimek then takes the book, puts it in a nearby filing cabinet (or the Kimek equivalent) and thanks you and Anna.`

Reviewer: Don't need the "(or Kimek equivalent)" here.
As a general for these two lines (the one highlighted here and the one above it), as they're right after a choice, and cover the process with the Heliarchs present, you could add more paragraphs specifically on how the Heliarchs go about interfering with the book in their censoring process.

				goto "interview over"
			label "lounge"
			`	You leave the room and walk to the lounge. Several Kimek are chatting in their native language, while a Saryd and Arach have chosen to rest.`
			`	After a few hours, you see Anna emerge out of the room, and walk towards you.`
			choice
				`	"How did the interview go?"`

> 			label "interview over"

Reviewer: So from line 3520 we have the goto for this label, however that doesn't transition well, since if we got here from the 3520 goto, then we were present for the interview, in which case it doesn't make sense for Anna to be telling us this. Instead, in the case the player chooses to be around for the interview, then at the end the Heliarchs/the Kimek editor would relay to both Anna and the player this information.

			`	"They told me that due to the censorship and review process, I would have to wait for roughly half a year. Thankfully, they have arranged a small apartment for me to live in. You can go on your own now, but please make sure you come back. If you want to return to human space, please add a reminder to come back and meet me."`
			choice
				`	"Why don't you just go back to human space?"`
					goto "why not go to human space"
				`	"I'll make sure to do that."`
			label "anna thanks you"
			`	"Thanks again, <first> <last>." I'll forever be grateful to you for helping me. I never thought I'd be successful as an author, but when I met you, you helped me turn my career into something I thought I'd never see.`
			choice
				`	"Just helping out."`
				`	"It's okay."`

> 			`	With that, you leave the room, and eventually the building. You board the train, walk past the same series of endless shops and streets in the spaceport city, before returning to your ship. As soon as you're in your ship, you add a reminder to visit Anna within six months.`

Reviewer: As the event timer varies, I'd not say it as specifically six months here, just make it a broader mention of some months.

Reviewer 5: ```suggestion
			`	With that, you leave the room, and eventually the building. You board the train and walk past the same series of endless shops and streets in the spaceport city before returning to your ship. As soon as you're in your ship, you add a reminder to visit Anna later.`
```

	destination "Inmost Blue"
	to offer
		has "event: beyond the hyperdrive is published"
		not "Fangvin: Struggling Author 5A: offered"
	on offer
		conversation
			`As you land on the spaceport, you check your messages. You see a message from Anna Fangvin, the author who you helped about half a year ago. In the message, she explains that her novel, 'Beyond the Hyperdrive', has been approved. You should return to <destination> and meet her.`
				accept
	on complete
		conversation "anna invites you to book signing"

conversation "anna invites you to book signing"
	action
		log "People" "Anna Fangvin" "Anna is an author of science fiction books. She never found success in human space, until she visited the Coalition and got her novel, 'Beyond the Hyperdrive', about a group of humans stealing jump drives from the Quarg, published. Upon publication, her book quickly became a bestseller in Kimek space."
		log "Helped somebody named Anna Fangvin get her book published in Coalition space. Apparently, it's a bestseller now. The book was 'Beyond the Hyperdrive', something about humans stealing jump drives from the Quarg. Also found out she was ambidextrous."
		"salary: Anna Fangvin" = 5000

> 		payment 2000000

Reviewer: The raw payment is fine, but I really don't know about the salary. First, it's way too high given existing salaries in the game; I don't doubt books could make a good bit of money daily, but considering Turner Incorporated sets up a shipyard and outfitter in Hai space, businesses where money flows a lot more than books, and the final salary for that is 4000, 5000 just isn't going to mesh well with other salaries.
Not even counting that, though, I'm just not sure it's much appropriate to add in a salary for this mission set. I think Anna expresses her appreciation for the player's help via rewards well enough with the generous base payment.

	`	"I was originally born left-handed, but as a child I chose to learn how to use my right hand, because I thought being able to use both hands would be cool."`
	`	The signing continues for what feels like four hours. Then, the same Kimek in the bookstore uniform announces that the store is to close within an hour.`
	`	As the store closes and the queue shortens, Anna signs the last Kimek's copy. With that, the event is over. Anna then tells you to meet her at your ship. You and Anna walk into your ship, accompanied by Heliarchs and the occasional camera flash. You open the hatch to allow Anna inside, and you enter and lock it behind you before any obsessed fans or (Coalition equivalent of) paparazzi get the chance to break in.`
	`	"Today was a resounding success. My book succeeded beyond my wildest dreams, and it was all because of you <first>!", she says, almost in a teary voice. She pulls out a credit chip. "Here, two million credits. You've done so much for me and my career, and you deserve it. Additionally, you will be receiving a salary of 5,000 credits daily, a small but significant portion of my royalties."`
	branch "player understands coalition edition"

> 		has "language: Coalition"

Reviewer: Also relevant for lines 3606 and 3607, where we get the label this branch points to. Having a language in ES usually means having some manner of way to translate hails and speech, and that's no different with the Coalition, getting the language there amounts to getting a translation device of theirs. That can translate speech, it has no sensors to detect a book and what text is written there, to then translate, so it'd make no difference to have the Coalition language or not.
As this branch gets us the most dialog, I think it's best to drop the branching and make the branch path be the only one, changing it so that Anna gives you a version in the human language. You can add in a line of it being a special one made just for you, that she prepared as a gift.

	`	Anna then takes out another copy of "Beyond the Hyperdrive", which she signs in front of you. It is the Coalition edition of the book. The symbols are completely indecipherable to you. Just another book for your collection.`
		accept
	label "player understands coalition edition"

> 		`	Anna then takes out another copy of "Beyond the Hyperdrive", which she signs in front of you. It is the Coalition edition of the book. The symbols are indecipherable to you, but your translation device helps you understand the contents. You realize that the book has been significantly altered from the version sold in human space.`

Reviewer: This is just saying the book's a lot different, but with no comparison given as to the context that doesn't get us much. It'd be worth adding some manner of summary to the book in earlier missions, and a different summary here with which to compare.

		choice
			`	"Anna, why is this book so different from the copies sold in human space?"`
		`	Anna explains how strict the Coalition was in their censorship, having to continually make revisions to the book to make it "more suitable for the Coalition". The major plot points remained unchanged, but many parts of the book, particularly those about rebellion or the casual mention of ideas "unsuitable for the Coalition" were either deleted or heavily edited.`
		choice
			`	"Wait, that's how bad the censorship is?"`

> 		`	"Yes. It caught me unexpectedly. On Zug, you can write whatever you want and you didn't have to worry about censorship. But here, the Heliarchs were breathing down my neck for the six months I had to stay to help revise the book."`

Reviewer: By this point Anna has been in the Coalition for months, so she'd have picked up on the socially acceptable and socially unacceptable, to an extent. You should have her be more discrete in how she talks to you about the censorship, and what she discloses about the censorship. This applies to both how she acts during this part, and how she speaks during it too.

	`	Occasionally, Anna alternates between her left and right hand to sign books whenever the other is tired. For hours, this continues. You tried to keep count of how many copies she signed, but gave up when it reached six hundred.`
	choice
		`	(Say nothing.)`
			goto "signing continues"
		`	"Are you left or right handed?"`
	`	"I was originally born left-handed, but as a child I chose to learn how to use my right hand, because I thought being able to use both hands would be cool."`
	label "signing continues"
	`	The signing continues for several hours. Eventually, the same Kimek in the bookstore uniform announces that the store is closing soon.`
	`	As the store closes and the queue shortens, Anna signs the last Kimek's copy. With that, the event is over. Anna walks with you back to your ship to say goodbye.`
		goto "ending dialog"
	label "player didn't go with anna to book signing"
	`	"Not a problem!", says Anna. "I'll go to your ship later." She then walks away.`

> 	`	Sitting in your ship you see a long line form at the spaceport over the next few hours, presumably to that bookstore where Anna is happily signing books. As the night begins to take over, the queue becomes shorter and shorter until you see Anna approaching you. She enters your ship.`

Reviewer 5: ```suggestion
	`	As you sit in your ship, you watch a long line form at the spaceport over the next few hours, presumably to that bookstore where Anna is happily signing books. As the night begins to take over, the queue becomes shorter and eventually disappears, at which point you see Anna walk out of the bookstore. She enters your ship.`
```
